You guys are so brave
How dare you threaten Mr. Chu?
Get out of here!
Sir, are you all right?
Chen Tianhao, this is not your wilderness
Apologize to Mr. Chu immediately
Otherwise get out now
Mr. Chen, this is the golden melody stirring elf
Not you Star Moon Media
It doesn't seem to be your turn yet.
Can the new moon decide?
It's not your turn to worry
But
Since you look down on us so much, Crescent Moon Media
Then the identity of the president of the Art and Art Group
Officially notify you
Terminate Crescent Media
All cooperation with your company
Believe in your strength, Mr. Chen
This little bit of breach
Almost the compensation is still affordable
If Mr. Cheng can't afford it
Quickly apologize to Mr. Chu
Ma Tian Under Guangdong
You made me apologize in front of so many people
you
Ah!
What a big breath